c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\Lunia.exe
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\Lunia.pdb
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\obj\x86\Debug\Lunia.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\obj\x86\Debug\Lunia.exe
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\obj\x86\Debug\Lunia.pdb
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\LuniaAssembly.dll
c:\users\markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\LuniaAssembly.pdb
C:\Users\Markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\Arial.xnb
C:\Users\Markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\Arial_30.xnb
C:\Users\Markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textures\Login\Background.xnb
C:\Users\Markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\Arial_15.xnb
C:\Users\Markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textures\UI\TextBox.xnb
C:\Users\Markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\SegoeUI_18.xnb
C:\Users\Markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textures\UI\MessageBox.xnb
C:\Users\Markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textures\UI\BlueButtonClicked.xnb
C:\Users\Markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textures\UI\BlueButtonHover.xnb
C:\Users\Markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Textures\UI\BlueButtonIdle.xnb
C:\Users\Markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\Arial_16_Bold.xnb
C:\Users\Markus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lunia\Lunia\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Fonts\Arial_12_Bold.xnb
